TypedLetExpr/TypedLetExpr.md, before:

# Typed `let` expression

##### Status: Draft
##### Submitted: YYYY-MM-DD
##### Author: Soren Palmund / Miista

---

## Introduction

Currently, `let` expressions do not allow for declaring the type of the variable
being initialized.
This proposal will attempt to fix this by allowing type declaration in `let`
expressions.
Furthermore this proposal will also introduce _type casting_ into `let` expressions.

## Proposal

The motivation for this proposal is being able to put a type to the initialized
variable in the `let` expression.

## Use cases

This proposal has several use cases some of which will be listed below.

### Declaring the type

Even though we might have inferred typing, sometimes the programmer knows best.
In this case, the programmer can explicitly declare the type of a variable as such:

    let a: Float = 0

or

    let a = 0 as Float

Which of the above two syntaxes is most easy on the eyes is up for discussion.
I am leaning towards the example #1, see paragraph on "Type casting".

### Type casting

There are cases in which one wants to "change" the type of a variable (either by
up-casting or down-casting it).
We would support this by allowing an already declared variable to be casted in
the `let` expression as such:

    let b = a as Double

This way `b` will hold the same value as `a` however its type will be `Double`
whereas type type of variable `a` is of type `Float`.

Given that type casting uses `let-as`, we probably should not allow this syntax
to also describe when a type is declared for a variable.
In other words, `let b = a as Double` should _only_ be used for type casting, and
not for declaring the type of `b`.

## Implementation

### Grammar

This is an optional body. Here you can paste grammar, code and anything
regarding how to implement your proposal. You can put here as many as
subsections as needed.

Commit message:

Add more description for examples of declaration of type and type casting

TypedLetExpr/TypedLetExpr.md, after:

# Typed `let` expression

##### Status: Draft
##### Submitted: YYYY-MM-DD
##### Author: Soren Palmund / Miista

---

## Introduction

Currently, `let` expressions do not allow for declaring the type of the variable
being initialized.
This proposal will attempt to fix this by allowing type declaration in `let`
expressions.
Furthermore this proposal will also introduce _type casting_ into `let` expressions.

## Proposal

The motivation for this proposal is being able to put a type to the initialized
variable in the `let` expression.

The syntax for declaring the type and type casting may look very similar and it
may seem redundant to have both but there is a reason for both.
The up- or down-casting of a variable should take second place when reading the
code. 
## Use cases

This proposal has several use cases some of which will be listed below.

### Declaring the type

Even though we might have inferred typing, sometimes the programmer knows best.
In this case, the programmer can explicitly declare the type of a variable as such:

    let a: Float = 0

or

    let a = 0 as Float

Which of the above two syntaxes is most easy on the eyes is up for discussion.
I am leaning towards the example #1.
The reason for this is that I assume that declaring types will most likely be
done when the `let` declaration introduces a variable in a greater scope.
When doing so, the type is equally important as the value.
Furthermore, see paragraph on "Type casting".

While the two examples above use the `let` declaration this proposal is not
limited to only the `let` declaration; it would also work with the `let` expression.

    let a: Float = 0 in ...

and

    let a = 0 as Float in ...

### Type casting

There are cases in which one wants to "change" the type of a variable (either by
up-casting or down-casting it).
We would support this by allowing an already declared variable to be casted in
the `let` expression as such:

    let b = a as Double

This way `b` will hold the same value as `a` however its type will be `Double`
whereas type type of variable `a` is of type `Float`.

Given that type casting uses `let-as`, we probably should not allow this syntax
to also describe when a type is declared for a variable.
In other words, `let b = a as Double` should _only_ be used for type casting, and
not for declaring the type of `b`.

The above example uses the `let` declaration but this proposal would also work
with the `let` expression.

    let b = a as Double in ...n

I am proposing using `let <var> = <other-var> as <type>` as the only way for
performing a type cast.
The reason for this is the assumption that the type cast will most often be
performed on variables introduced in very narrow scopes such as when using
the `let` expression.

## Implementation

### Grammar

This is an optional body. Here you can paste grammar, code and anything
regarding how to implement your proposal. You can put here as many as
subsections as needed.
